Aviron 7 Blog Material
----------------------

My name is Dr. Heinrich von Hexenhammer and I am a professional mad scientist. And part-time computer programmer. I hack systems and cast spells and sometimes try to take over the world. I mostly take naps. Long naps. Then wake up suddenly and pursue women. Afterwards, I lick my fur and take a nap again. 

I made a game prototype called Aviron 7. It is not a finished, polished product by any means, merely a prototype and sandbox to play with various ideas that seem neat in some fashion. It features a "real-time" engine (real-time in the sense for games, though not in the sense used in say jet avionics) with 80's style side-view vector-style rendering. It has a sci-fi theme. It's written in Python and uses Pygame for graphics, sound and user input. All development and testing occurs solely on a Mac for now.

Inspirations, ideas, themes, homages:
Aliens, Battlestar Galactica, Star Trek, Star Wars, XCOM, LEGO, Minecraft, Lunar Lander, Sun Dog, Lemmings, Taipan, Lode Runner, Choplifter and 80's arcade games (Space Invaders, Missile Command, etc.), Awful Green Things From Outer Space
Rocky's Boots and A Robot Odyssey
Castle Wolfenstein - original
Spy vs Spy - Apple II

In-Game Material:

starting text overlay?: "You live in a different universe. The universe of Aviron 7. You are on a mission. A secret mission known only to you. You have a laser pistol and an itch to scratch. The galaxy is your oyster. You don't even know what an oyster is. It might be like a Veraxian tigercat. You saw one of those once. On a holo-TV show. You like watching holo-TV. Oh look, a Marine assault shuttle is landing. Perhaps they've come because of the aliens that are killing all the colonists. Perhaps it's because of these aliens that the giant Orvo cargo freighter is taking off and fleeing the planet post-haste. Perhaps you should flee as well. Though you'd love to stay and see the fight. Marines like to kick ass and take names. And these evil alien bastards probably don't have names. So they'll just be kicking ass."

Find and explore the Ruins of Ryvogane V

Your presence is urgently requested on the moon Ganymedea

You wife is lost somewhere beyond Jupiter. Find her and restore her to life.

There is a bounty on your head in the X system. Try to clear your name.

You've been offered a lucrative and exclusive contract to deliver in-system a special cargo from the primary orbital station of planet X to the outermost planet.
